README.md, before:

# Guestbook for w3schools.com Git tutorial

This is the public GitHub project that you can contribute to.
If you are just getting started, I suggest you start at the tutorial here: https://www.w3schools.com/git

# Leave a message for us!
This repository is meant to be a place where our users can leave messages for others to see.

You can see the result here: https://w3schools-test.github.io/

We generally only have one condition: 
We will not allow messages that are negative, or hurtful. Try to be welcome and positive!

# What should my message look like?

You can add almost anything to the index.html file between the indicated comments:

`<!-- Insert your message below here -->`



``
Message Here
``

and

`<!-- End user messages -->`

So feel free to use your imagination!

If you are not feeling very creative, you can add a quote, or small text like the examples on this page: https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_quotes.asp
And add your name to it :)

# My change was not approved :(

We reserve the right to remove, or not to add anything that we feel will not fit here.
Also, this page is a community page, and the content you add may be changed later.

Commit message:

Added a message in the README file and updated my comment in the index.html file

README.md, after:

# Guestbook for w3schools.com Git tutorial

This is the public GitHub project that you can contribute to.
If you are just getting started, I suggest you start at the tutorial here: https://www.w3schools.com/git

# Leave a message for us!

This repository is meant to be a place where our users can leave messages for others to see.

You can see the result here: https://w3schools-test.github.io/

We generally only have one condition:
We will not allow messages that are negative, or hurtful. Try to be welcome and positive!

# What should my message look like?

You can add almost anything to the index.html file between the indicated comments:

`<!-- Insert your message below here -->`

W3Schools is the Best platform no doubt. I have enjoyed studying with this platform for a long time and I absolutely love it!

Thanks W3Schools!

`<!-- End user messages -->`

So feel free to use your imagination!

If you are not feeling very creative, you can add a quote, or small text like the examples on this page: https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/w3css_quotes.asp
And add your name to it :)

# My change was not approved :(

We reserve the right to remove, or not to add anything that we feel will not fit here.
Also, this page is a community page, and the content you add may be changed later.
